first for the topping heat olive oil in
a frying pan
have 10 cannellini beans along with the
juices
once heated gently mash the beans with a
fork
then add sliced black olives roughly
chopped parsley
and a splash of sherry vinegar
season and leave on a gentle heat
next half a festive batter and splash
with extra virgin olive oil
he's a griddle pan until smokin and
toast the bread all side down pressing
it into the pan to chart evenly to serve
top the toasted ciabatta with a khalili
bean mixture and finish with chopped
anchovies
packed with bold flavors so easy you can
always make it blindfolded ready in
under 10 minutes but eaten in seconds